what's up YouTube it's pops back in the
building it's Fox if you know me stop
boxes you don't right now it's about ten
fifty five month one o'clock in the
morning I just came back from wherever I
came back from with some rave reviews
this is another one another review and
this review had got real life I went to
go out go out on the town meet some
people and get some real reviews on this
one and boy did I get some reviews I got
some reviews and that's not even it's
not even waste any time this one is
right here silver mountain water by
creed against this is Creed if you I see
my other two videos I did virgin olive
oil and I did who unites tree
this right here silver mountain hey guys
I want to let y'all know say you to
these clothes did not see I mean these
camos run for about two hundred eighty
dollars a bottle for this big bottle
ready that's 20 min eighty dollars how
much other understand there I mean that
means my the colognes worth more than
some of you guys outfits out there I'm
not trying to you know put anybody down
in a financial situation anything like
that but I just want you to know if
you're serious about your Cologne game
are you serious about you know how you
do with everything you're doing about
smelling good and making sure you have
nothing but the best quality you can't
go wrong tree so number one let me look
at the bottle that's class white bottle
nice prayer
this is this is some classy stuff what
can I say about it
I had a young lady tell me I smell
delicious today a lot I mean hacks for
it just really what what are you wearing
you smell delicious now apparently
Oliver Creed got this concept when he
was hyped in the mountains you know a
real crisp cool said we got bergamot in
here green tea ambergris some of the
three dudes on here again I don't do top
notes base notes and things like that
I just got this so I don't have much to
say about it other than what I can say
about it tonight and I smell delicious
that's what I got for me you smell
delicious but this is definitely a
casual scent good for the winter time
and the summer time is real aromatic it
projects good this gave me about six
hours of the skin this is this say green
Irish tweed no in my opinion a green
aren't we but this is a good scent this
this is a must in your collection if
you're gonna have a collection you have
that you have to experience this there's
nothing else to smell like this some
people say green Irish tweed smells like
cool water
some people say Virgin Island water
smells like coconut of live there's
nothing to compare this one to this is a
unique fragrance you're not gonna no one
else is gonna smell like this I think I
think I'm gonna give this a few tries
and see how it works out for me
with me two sprays in the neck - on the
wrists one on the shirt so that's about
five sprays it goes a long way using you
about six hours I still smell it on the
shirt but I think I should check this
out you want some base notes and some of
that stuff I'll put it on the bottom in
the description you know just in case
for the guys who really want nobody
loved about definitely love the bottle
this is a beautiful new collection by
the way you see that gold cap it's a
great thing to have a new collection you
know it's a really good look especially
next to the all-black green Irish tweed
this is again it's the fresh scent
I think women we want to get close to
this again I'm not trying to
sensationalize it nothing but the best
ingredients going to create nothing but
the finest I mean it's one of the
world's oldest fragrance houses in Paris
and by the way the celebrities wake read
okay George Clooney rappers Roy banks
Tony Yayo
Michelle Obama with love and light
President Obama so is this I mean if you
don't leave this stuff do you not really
smell it right I mean I was listening to
Young Jeezy say you smell like Gucci
Gucci come on come on step your game up
you know the same step your game up
there you gonna do pre they're barred
number nine Wall Street it's a good
scent
Tom Ford houses his private collection
it's a good scent so you know shut off
some money man for putting me on
Facebook and everything shoutout to
everybody I'm up here looking at these
reviews again
bridge Fox in the building this is
another review silver mountain water
check me out I'm gonna have a special
unboxing for you guys I don't know when
I think I'll have it up tomorrow
special unboxing with I'll keep that a
secret but it's definitely a
game-changer
so again
Silver Mountain water it's the fallouts
guy it's gonna run you about $280 but if
you got the money you should definitely
give this a shot
it belongs in the collection I mean it's
not a panty dropper I don't think it's a
paint job but I haven't give it enough
run sweetness it sprays but let's make
this right yeah oh my god that's some
good juice it's definitely some good
juice definitely a must in the
collection great for wintertime huh
it gives you a cool fresh scent clean
scent oh that's some good stuff you
check it out Silver Mountain Water
Bridge